1. transfers:
   Transfers happen when two sides of a transaction happen in different imported accounts (Generally Asset and 	  Liability accounts) for example:

   2026/01/01  Credit Card Payment
       Assets:Checking                      -$100   ;ID AC-12345
       Liabilites:Credit Card                       ;ID CC-12345

    The idea is that when only one side of the tranfer has been imported the other side is added to an equity
    account:


   2026/01/01  Credit Card Payment
       Assets:Checking                      -$100   ;ID AC-12345
       Equity:Transfers:Credit Card         

      Once the other side is imported. It should recieve a similar place holder or simply merge into the
      existing transaction -- if the dates match.

  a.  I have mulltiple instances of ^Asset or ^Liability accounts being added without
      ID's for the most part this will be wrong and cause issues when the balancing transaction from the other
      account is processed

  b. Merging is not happening as I would like. I see multiple instances like the following:


   2026/01/01  Credit Card Payment
       Assets:Checking                      -$100   ;ID AC-12345
       Equity:Transfers:Credit Card         


   2026/01/01  Credit Card Payment
       Equity:Transfers:Credit Card        -$100     
       Liabilites:Credit Card                       ;ID CC-12345

2. uncleared transactions not matching. 
   
   a. manually entered uncleared transaction matching is unreliable.
      i. sometimes the match just doesn't happen.
      ii. other times the match happens but tne amounts don't match and the automation uses the uncleared
          amount causing balance errors
     iii. when uncleared tranasactions contains transfers. I often see the complete transaction addded to
          cleared rather than the transaction with the Equity posting.
    iv.   other times the unlceared file will be left with transactions where both psotings are Equity:
  
  b. pending transactions (imported from plaid) do not clear. The automation attempts to match these by ID. But     it seems the upstream ID changes and these are missed and left orphaned in the file.
     A possible solution is to check if they still exist on import and delete if they have been removed 
     (perhaps try to match to preseve any edits that may have been made since the import)
     
3. a nice feature would be to be able to import pdf statements and add/edit transactions. this would be most
   useful for manually entered uncleared transactions where I need to update the statement balance when the 
   statement is available.
   Automated downloading of statments would be nice but that is beyond the scope of this project.

4. When adding transactions. 
   a. the automation cleared a pending transaction and left it in place -- in the
      pending section causing a imbalance as the balance transaction was above the pending section. 
   b. the atomation processed a payment, it matched the manually entered uncleared transaction and replace
      the checking split with the CC payment resulting in a double payment of sorts and an imbalance.


5. Move the cached data .dat strorable files (desc.dat, etc) to yaml -- this will help with git.
   Consider cleaning up desc -- It's currenlty a bit specific

6. The Ledger datastructure caching is of dubious use. The general use-case is a single run so that ledger 
   csv is only run once. This was added to facilitate the web frontend -- which no longer uses Ledger.pm.
   Maybe add useCache to the constructor?
